visualizer creates / calls solver

solver also has a main, for invoking w/o vis

solver creates / calls parser

parser runs & returns a NuriState.

solver uses NuriState(s).


Given that we might be running in batch mode...
without vis...
I guess solver still owns parser,
but reinits its own state for each new puzzle,
reusing the same parser,
creating new boards?


solve():
should the solver just recurse on solve, or does it
need to create a new instance of the solver?

Look through the instance fields of the solver and see
what they belong to:
A - Can they be static, applying to all solvers (in case theoretically
there were more than one solver working)?
B - Can they be shared by all "solvers" (whether represented by
separate instances or by recursive calls to solve) within
a single solving effort?
C - Or must they be separate for each recursive solve?
  To determine this, suppose a variable changes during
  a recursive solve; must its value be restored on
  returning from the recursion?
  (If so could they be offloaded into the board state, which
  is ? one-to-one with each solve recursion?)

See //A, //B, //C comments in NuriSolver.java

If any fall into the last category, they must be copied
when we do a recursive solve, so that means a new
instance of the solver... unless we offload them into the board state.

If it creates a new instance of the solver, it creates a
new thread (because solver extends Thread).
Which can be convenient if we can use new threads at that point...
But it would be better to be able to decouple the creation
of new threads from the need for new solver instances.
E.g. if we have only one or two processors and already six
solver threads, there's no point in creating more threads. It only
uses up resources.

TODO: Remember, static members of solver class that need to be accessed
by all solver threads, must be volatile... and possibly synchronized!

If we're going to have multiple solver threads.
Which we don't yet.

Probably the wise thing is to get this working without
separate solver threads; then add that later.

Which will probably including separating the thread-derived
class from the solver class. The constructor for the thread-derived
class can accept a solver parameter that sets a member field for
the associated solver; the run() method will call methods
on that solver.

java.lang.Runtime.getRuntime().availableProcessors()
--> int
